A beaver chews on a tree down to it having no middle but it still doesn't fall. Another beaver ignores what is happening.
A man is giving a hot dog to a woman outside a pyramid. On top, there is a vendor.
Some people are at a playground. The adults are going down the slides, and one of them is talking to a child.
A man is relaxing on a city street. Others are going about their business and stepping on him as they pass.
A knight is standing in front of some mirrors. A man in a suit stands  behind him.
A woman is at a party holding a drink. She is addressing two other people, who are tied up and standing in buckets.
A man is sitting in an easy chair. Behind him is a black bed.
A psychiatrist is in her office. Three people are on stacked couches beside her.
Two people are riding motorcycles down the road. One of the riders is naked.
A woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant. She is reading a menu. There is a podium in front of her, with the waiter speaking into a mic.
A cowboy is on a table in a doctor's office. He has been shot by arrows, and the doctor is speaking to him.
A women and an empty suit that is propped up to look like someone is wearing it are sitting on a couch. Another man is slouching in an arm chair beside a coffee table that has pictures and a lamp sitting on top. The man and the women don't look happy. There is a scared looking dog hiding beside the chair and beer cans next to the man.
A man is sitting in an office on his computer. He's speaking with a rat man, who is at his computer.
A man is in an office behind a desk. He is addressing the Sphinx.
Three people are standing in line at the bank. The bank teller is a traditional pirate with a hook hand, eye patch, and a parrot.
A knight and an executioner are standing by a guillotine. There is a man waiting to be beheaded.
Some musicians are on stage. A monster truck has busted in and flattened their chairs.
Cave people are having a get together in a cave. A group of them is looking at drawings on the wall. One couple looks to have just arrived and is talking to someone with a spear in their body. The artwork features a figure with a that is running with a spear through their body.
A man is eating dinner. The fish on the plate is talking to him. He stares at it.
Superman is in the doctor's office. The doctor is listening to his heartbeat with a stethoscope.
Two explorers are observing a tree. A bird is sitting in a nest playing music.
Aliens are having a meeting inside a room with a man as a host. The aliens look to be from different homes and planets.
Some executives are around a table, with a giant mouse. A huge piece of cheese is in the center.
A car manufacturing factory is operating. As cars are moving down the line, a giant nozzle from the ceiling is spraying each car with a giant glob of cream on top.
Two men are stuck on a tiny island. They're observing another island a short distance away.
A man and a woman are playing ping pong. A panel of judges looks on.
Two men are talking at a bar. They are wearing suits and each have a drink.
There is a dog on a spaceship. He is surrounded by aliens. The aliens are staring at him.
A man is sleepwalking in a kitchen. His cat is watching him from the counter.
There is a rocket on the ground, still smoking. A policeman is there and is writing the driver a ticket.
